Speaker 1  0:00  
Yeah. So now in the final part of the conversation, we're just talking about what would make your team most likely to complete and apply training. And the options we have are, you know, immediate practical application recognition and reward, you know, rewarding them for completing the training, clear connection to sales performance. Is it that, if they're seeing, how does the training impacts their sales? Is it peer support and accountability, or management support even, and follow up, which I think you've also spoken about, and then fun and engaging content? Is it all of this, or is there even anything else that we've not spoken definitely. I

Unknown Speaker  0:47  
think all of this just, he just does

Speaker 1  0:56  
it Okay, perfect. I think that's the end of the feedback sessions I might have gone through everything and then open ended points you might want to share, especially as we're trying to build this training solution like you know, in terms of any gaps you think we've not identified or spoken about, or just anything that would be really important for the training to do, or issues that you should speak to, or in a certain way the training should happen. Just from your experience, obviously. What would you have anything to do for us? Feedback, yeah. So I think

Speaker 2  1:33  
this is good, this. This really covers, you know, most of it, because it's touching to this kind of thing. If I will start like that. How the training go? You know, what? What would be the convenient time for this training can happen? What? What? What days you know, this training should happen? How many hours in the month, you know, because it's good that is specified to this, you know, to the person who's going to receive this training. When you say, okay, in a month, you're going to cover between five to six hours every day. Oh, sorry. Then it means you're telling me, I can do this training. I can even say another thing we should add there. You can do it anytime

Speaker 1  2:16  
in the Yes, self paced. You

Speaker 2  2:19  
might do it on Monday, on Monday, on Tuesday, when you put all those kind of, you know, stringent, yeah, it cuts off the interest of that of the sales person. So you're telling them. So somebody's telling you, okay, somebody like, you know, a Gladys would say, I won't do it now. I'll finish it now, but I'm just going to the stream now finish but someone like so that's great. You know, at least I can just say, You know what I'm doing 30 minutes today. I'm doing 30 minutes. So it's, it covers it all. It covers the mood, the means, the end points, everything. It's, it's achievable. It's very much achievable.

Speaker 1  3:00  
If it's, yeah, Thank you very much. And this recording.

