Speaker 1  0:01  
So what sales techniques does our team use most often? Is it like upselling, cross selling, suggestive selling, or there's no real specific techniques we usually use?

Unknown Speaker  0:16  
So we use all three.

Speaker 1  0:19  
So upselling, cross selling and suggestive. But which one do you think we use? The most often, the most often

Unknown Speaker  0:31  
cross selling? Now, from one to 10, how confident are you that

Speaker 1  0:38  
our colleagues, even yourselves, when they're talking to customers about prices. Are you confident that they will be able to close a deal, a sale when they're discussing prices with customers? Or they're not really confident. I feel like you know they shouldn't even talk about price. They should just focus on, like, the values, the benefits, or if the customers does anything expensive, why is it? The person can really justify that price, you guys, or it doesn't. It's not just

Speaker 2  1:08  
so, um, you're not selling, um, you're selling the benefits of that item. So you have to ensure that you tell the client the benefits of what is buying the future benefit before you, like, tell the clients the price, because if you're buying, like, a Casablanca Panda, oh, this can last again. It's on this guys. It's on that guys to go for this outing. You know what he's buying. So the price will not be an issue since you know the future, yes.

Speaker 1  1:36  
So you don't, you guys can stay away from price.

Speaker 3  1:42  
So depending on the type of clients, we kind of what's the word we look at the type of client that we're attending to. So if it's the price, I know that, okay, this kind is comfortable hearing and can afford it, we'll call our price. And if it's a client that cannot even afford we still call the price so that in order to cut the sale process of the client, understand the store and the price point at which decides. So we are very confident to see our prices. Tell

Speaker 1  2:14  
us about a time when you guys, either is you guys or anybody else, just an example of when a customer was handled very well, what worked and why was that effective. You can even be for me guys, the time you determined that customer or something you saw,

Unknown Speaker  2:34  
okay, that made the sale.

Speaker 1  2:36  
Yeah, that customer was handled very well, like a staff member under the customer variable,

Unknown Speaker  2:43  
okay, in first instance we have, when we have a comfortable, what's it called exchange rate, when we have new items for us to sell,

Speaker 1  2:57  
like an instance that happened that okay, this sale was really good, maybe, Mr. Customer Relationship, customer relationship. So is that an example? Like I said, the day, I'm just giving example, the day Davido came. It was a very good sale because we knew his recent songs. We were able to use that to observe us. Knew he had a shoot. And it was good because you knew his sizes, you know, like, just an example, be really good transaction, like that. I followed everything

Speaker 2  3:26  
so one um, customer relationship, product knowledge, um, your body

Unknown Speaker  3:36  
language,

Speaker 3  3:38  
okay, yes, because the clients, like, self true is always very easy, because it's either a it just comes into the store like, Okay, what do you guys have? Or is coming in because of season, or even if, because of sitting it still, make sure you make some purchase. And this is not still there, a sale has always close properly. We tell them the prices, you know, we joke around till we close a good amount of money, and they still get discounts.

Speaker 1  4:10  
Again. You guys are saying the same thing, really, having that good relationship. Now, looking at team, you know, how much of us do you think struggle from turning browsers into buyers? Like a lot of people on the team are closers, like almost everybody, 70, 60% and above, if someone is browsing, they're likely to get a sale. Or is maybe most people, or some

Speaker 3  4:42  
so I'll say very few, because, because our line of business and work is a fast pace, we tend to only want to work with people that are ready. So we don't always have much time. Except I Bucha, they are busy, we are free, or they are less clients of trouble, and start taking our time to convince a client. But aside that on a busy day, we mostly have just ready customers that we need to even attend to. Sometimes have four or five of them at same time that we need to attend to. So the time for us to turn browsers into buyers, we don't always have that time.

Speaker 2  5:18  
And also, in as much as, um, you know, it's hash notes, it's a luxury store. We step into the store, we feel ready.

Speaker 1  5:28  
So most people that come into the store, they're not just browsers. They're already kind of one, just

Unknown Speaker  5:33  
one,

Speaker 1  5:39  
all right, so now the next section is our knowledge gap. So if you look at these options, product features, pricing, promotion, return policy, availability of store, care, instruction, which of these do you think our colleagues guys don't really talk about maybe because you don't really know enough about it when you're trying to sell to customers. So we have

Speaker 3  6:02  
the care maintenance, yeah, before now, we used to have product features that's for our slots. Sometimes we don't know what this embroidery was made of or what this design means. But now we already having product knowledge on them, so it's different. It's

Speaker 1  6:20  
better, yes, but those two are the main instructions and the product features. So we're talking about customer objections now. So like questions you get from customers, what are the three objections? I think when someone asks, don't really it's not really an easy answer. So is it like if someone says this thing is too expensive, or if they say, this thing available is not have it? Is it easy for us to find replacement? Or if it's like, they don't, they come into the store, they say, we're trying to push something for them to buy next. They say, I think about it. Do you is there? Do we also just leave them to go? Or when they say, I think about it, we have an answer that is relevant. Or if they say, I'll come back later, we're able to close. Or if they even say, Oh, I saw this thing cheaper on Farfetch or online, or BBC is on sale in the UK. Why is your own? What kind of what three of these lists you think are the ones that when customers say, it kind of destabilizes us a little bit like if we have more training and how to answer them, they will help. Do

Speaker 2  7:34  
you have it in another size one? And I will come. I will think about it in the sense that. So if you have an event, they'll come, they'll ask you, how much is this? This? This? Not just want to have the knowledge of the amount they will spend when they are ready. Maybe they want to go and puzzle for it. So by the time they tell you, I'll come back later, so maybe in the next two days, we'll go back to them and give me the details over. I'll come back like have a client. And he told me he asked him to send everything I sent, and he didn't answer me. So today he just hired like this, I need all these items, and he's on his way to disturb your city. So most times, when they say they will come back without asking us price, it's just for them to go look for their money. And when they try to come, when they come back most times this size is being sold out, so I don't have

Speaker 3  8:25  
a Yeah, I agree with scale of my thoughts to the urgency I'll come back later.

Speaker 1  8:33  
Okay? So when they say I'll come back later, it's always like a struggle to keep them

Speaker 3  8:40  
yes or I'll think about it. I then third one is product availability, another size, another color, and sometimes it's just one design.

Speaker 1  8:57  
Okay. Now what takes you guys away from helping customers. Is it like when you're going back abroad from inventory, like doing all those tools check sometimes, is it available, you go yourself to inventory, you come back? Or is it like PayPal work like sometimes, maybe you're doing decks, you're doing filling reports, filling sheets, or admin tasks, or like cleaning VM, or even training or break like, what are the things that take you away from just being in front of the customer space, in

Unknown Speaker  9:31  
store? And

Speaker 2  9:32  
also, um, also, you know, if you have a depth to submit,

Unknown Speaker  9:37  
I know Yes, and

Speaker 2  9:40  
a corporate price is like, need your attention on the phone you like to at home. So I feel, I feel debt should be taken away from system so that we can be able to focus and eventually have more multi member so that the um work the time frame, and it will be easier by time you're ready for this. Mr. A is looking for it. When Mr. C is bringing it an interview, it will break like soft selling, right?

Speaker 1  10:07  
So those stock tanks and paper ones definitely are the two that take you people away from the customer. How often do you step in with to help with basic customer question. So for example, not really you guys, but actually for you guys, when you see like a new, one or more junior salesperson, and they're having a conversation with that struggling to close, how often do you guys have to step in to help them? Because they like, very often, always like multiple times older

Speaker 3  10:42  
stuff, we help each other, like in a day, multiple times.

Speaker 1  10:49  
Now on training preferences and constraints. So this part is really talking about, if we're trying to change style of training from what happened, then what are the other styles you can explore? So now, if you look at these options, like short mobile lessons, you know, maybe like having an app, and then there's just like, 10 minute videos you're watching every day or every week, in person, workshops, something like that, one that you did, that written guys, they send you a document or voice coaching, or maybe you're listening to is like a voice memo or something on WhatsApp. Which ones, even now, just when you're ranking them from you say, like this is number one is the most effective. I think this next most effective. Least, most to do this effective. What do you guys think? How

Speaker 2  11:42  
is our rate? Number one, short mobile lesson, 10 minutes video which will explain and like give you more knowledge of what you need to do. And it just sticks to your brain because you see it, and if you try to forget, you go back to your phone and watch it again. I feel is, I feel it's the most

Speaker 1  12:04  
effective. Then after that, the next this, like, just from ranking this, like, we have the first one, yes, are the most effective, then what's the one that is not as effective, but it's still second

Speaker 3  12:15  
position. Workshop, then WhatsApp voice notes and tips, because

Unknown Speaker  12:30  
voice notes

Unknown Speaker  12:34  
is easier, kind of even between

Speaker 1  12:38  
so the workshop, so the first one is the videos, but also maybe some workshop. If we're trying to do training, like, let's, let's look at this voice, um, short videos now, and we're trying to say, okay, in a day, how long do you think you'll realistically be able to watch a video for, like, like a like a 10 minute video, or like a 20 minutes video, 10 minutes so 10 minutes is the idea, what training method do you guys think? What? What the best? So, is it like the watching experience job? Is it like the manager is doing some kind of coaching? Is it doing like role playing, good descriptions or written material? What do you guys do?

Speaker 3  13:29  
All right, so we would say, watching experienced staff, learning the observation. Because personally, from each of the one of us angle, we have been trained here, wherever we are coming from, we have gone through a lot of training, and we probably feel like there's nothing new for now, but if we see people that are doing what we are not doing, or what the company wants us to do, it's easier to emulate than telling us when we know that okay, our audience that we are attending to, they are not That kind of people to give such sense to see these things. It's easier to emulate it.

Speaker 1  14:07  
So you guys, we both agree that what experience report is the best way. Yes, it will. It matter if you're watching a video of an experienced person doing it, or he asked the person has to come in and be if you do be

Speaker 3  14:25  
able to answer because there's one, one or two things that will

Speaker 2  14:38  
attract me from that video, but if it is, one on one,

Speaker 1  14:52  
so in a moment, we already can have an answer for this song. But because if you're seeing like 10 minutes videos per day, so obviously more, maybe like five to six hours watching those videos in total in a month. Or what do you guys any five to six hours seems like from what you're saying, you are watching like 1010, minute videos for you guys, because you guys have company devices, that you have personal devices by your company phone, iPad and your personal device. Which one of these will you be most comfortable watching your sales ever training on your own personal right? So it would be like either into your own personal WhatsApp or an app on your own personal phone you can just be watching. What will make mobile training difficult for Google data cost or internet connection or you already have devices because,

Speaker 4  16:06  
of course, it's my phone I would like to subscribe. Would

Speaker 1  16:20  
journey, which formats don't work well, I think for any kind of design, those reading long documents, yeah, so you're good with video, good with listening, real life examples, interactive exercises. It's just that reading long documents do. Right? This section is about bigger change. So when we do any training, you know, it's better to try and track the impact of that training. So looking at these things on the screen, it wants to know which ones will matter, like in our structure, for example, which which of these, like daily sales target or transaction or conversion rate, which one matters the most day to day, that will be like if you try and do a training, at least if it impacts This day, it will

Speaker 5  17:19  
be the most effective. Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:23  
So daily sales target. Have you guys got to do my journey here, just in your own capacity, even though you work. Have you been to any training that you remember being like, ah, that training was really good, really Bucha. What was the training? Do you have any one because of

Unknown Speaker  17:39  
the interaction and the exercises. So, this

Unknown Speaker  17:52  
is stick.

Speaker 3  17:57  
I think it was Doctor. Yes, he was very, very interactive games. The same thing he does here, shares in groups, but I think because it was my first time having that training in last year, so he stuck better and for me. Dr, OK, this training used to stick for me. I don't know for other

Speaker 1  18:22  
people. But what you learnt in that restraining that time, how did you maintain those things, like, how did not fall off from your

Speaker 3  18:32  
own? So I learned one of the workshops that I really, that really struck me was the one that had to do with team bonding and not doing it, doing stuff, you know, because I like to do a lot of things by myself. So it struck me that, okay, you can help people even below or higher of your kid. I should collaborate as a team, work together, show help and let allow help come to you, to like and make the work faster.

Speaker 1  19:02  
Got past so nothing has really stopped to you. Yeah, before again, because I've been into since for years.

Unknown Speaker  19:14  
Every interviewee, been into sales.

Speaker 1  19:29  
Which old habits are do you think are the hardest for our team here to change? They like approaching customers come upstairs when they get to us, approaching them first, or following up after a sale, or using like, maybe scripts or suggested phrases. Or which one of these ones you pick with difficult, most difficult to change, if you want to change

Speaker 3  19:55  
this here, so I would say not using suggested selling faces. Yes, our team actually have difficulty with that. Say, for instance, in terms of perfume, a lot of us doing the know how to use the keywords in perfume to sell, and we are still trying to adjust to

Unknown Speaker  20:19  
it. So stuff like I like I

Speaker 3  20:24  
would, and maybe avoid, I wouldn't say avoiding difficult product, because if we have clients that know more than us in products, we are always happy to listen. I'm even excited to hear from the client.

Speaker 2  20:35  
So not approaching customer focus, not following up in the sense that they plan to

Unknown Speaker  20:41  
just stay in

Speaker 2  20:42  
Go. Maybe I'll get back to you so you charge the customer once we are made to follow clients, watch the approach.

Speaker 1  21:01  
So what's the biggest issue? Like, let's say, when we are trying to do any training, even like, think of the last time, what was the most difficult thing? Is it that you guys are not just training, you struggle to stay interested throughout the whole training, or is it just timing? I want to go to the shop floor. My customer is waiting for me. But that one might still be tied to interest, because if you're interested in something, you might not be remembering. I need to go. But of these things on the screen, what do you think like the biggest, biggest issue like doing all this training?

Speaker 2  21:39  
So, um, I mean a training I have my work line is deep in our attention, so it's also destruction. So I think we want to go to children for training. Close the business after training, you go back to store your pizza for no that one day training, normally that one will not support from meeting our targets. Let's just do the training and do it once.

Speaker 1  22:07  
Or if the training is like, but the name is I can or something I can do constantly, like 1010 minutes, they don't actually need that. Let's go for training. You're supposed to be getting trained constantly

Speaker 2  22:19  
in 10 minutes. You know how you did it? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  22:28  
In terms I don't feel differently

Speaker 1  22:33  
when we do training. This one is very important. How do we what do you guys think would be a useful way to ensure that people are actually using those things, from a salesperson point of view, what kind of ways do you think the company can ensure that events I'm actually using allow me to say

Speaker 3  22:57  
this so in the past? Yeah, maybe we have worked. Whenever we do trainings, they don't give us the certificates. So that mindset always just makes us feel like, I'll just be able to see them. There's no resources. Case, there's nothing else in the worst case scenario, works us to do a test I wish we can do because we see the same thing that we do every day, what they are training us. So that mindset already feels like I'm not going to have anything to show again. So let me just happy. That mindset is a thing. Recognition is an award. Yes, people tend to do better when there's a goal to reach. Yes, we support

Speaker 1  23:47  
that school, so definitely like some kind of certificate, some kind of award, you have completed this stage of this training, then the next stage is this once, if I let me just phrase it a bit differently, because something I'm thinking of, what did we say for you to attain a certain role, you must have a certain level of sales training. So basically, for you to be a salesperson in any business, maybe you have level one retail sales training. Then for you to be an assistant manager, you have to have gone up to level three. Then for you to be a manager, you have to have done level seven. Yeah, as for your own career development,

Speaker 3  24:27  
not be nice for people in the career, because this is something to hear after training.

Speaker 2  24:36  
It's still the same thing. Let's use that as an example. Use that

Speaker 1  24:44  
as an example. Yeah, yeah. Because I think the reason why I think that was important, even for the industry, so that, if you're

Unknown Speaker  24:53  
for example, yes, I am going

Speaker 1  24:57  
with level seven. So there's a level that are going to pull you five you already know that banking

Unknown Speaker  25:08  
sectors, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  25:11  
So it would, I won't. I feel like that will motivate people to be on a certain level. Everybody will do right, because you

Speaker 3  25:18  
definitely want to do better. So you want to follow that process, that protocol, climbing the ladder every time

Speaker 2  25:29  
I would, yeah, I like goals. I like six associates. No good. She still says associate white people that she's more better off enter that

Speaker 1  25:44  
series, yeah, because there's no benchmark. But if wanted to hire the supervisor, what level have you done? This retails and they say, I've not done it. Okay. Well, until you do it, you have to be understandable. Or they come in and say, I'm actually on level seven, then we know that. Yeah, that means you're a senior. Yeah. Okay, very clear. So my last question is not really a question here. It's just from you guys, like, almost like suggestions, advice, or anything that has not been covered in here. So as you know now, we're trying to look at work and look for training, including general skills training. Again, this knowledge is not even only red band for this business. Like we said, it's actually red band for any retail business. And you guys are very experienced people. What do you think are they? What would a good training be like for you that maybe then could have not covered for me then, because what I'm sensing from what you told me is, oh, yeah, mobile first, what an app? Some kind of ranking system, short, short video. Are there any other things that one, so it will be good to train people on this. Two, if I want to do a training that feel like yesterday, we will have to have this. And this is there any kind of insights you can share? How about

Speaker 3  27:01  
training? I think it starts to do with the environment. First, the environment is very important. Then the purpose of the training. If it's not the usual, it's different. But if it's a different thing, somebody does it is catching it calls the attendees attention to the training and also the trainer also is very important, the trainer that's training The attendees and exercise during the training and practical.

Speaker 2  27:42  
Yeah, that, yeah, and the training should not be just straight. You just come for a training, and the COVID is just just straight to the point it should be a bit fun. You should use like, um, she looked like, funny instance, so that, without joke, if you stick to those people's spirit, oh, this thing happened, use a scenario that will, like, get their attention, for them to have it in their mind.

Speaker 3  28:11  
Trainers that actually train us towards our target audience. Because in the past, all the trainers that we had is professional training, professional, this type of clients, but the type of clients were really, really attending, and not the training you again. So whether they attend us, you'd be like, No, it doesn't work like that. You really like, but they don't still get it. So if you have trainers that eat the sport, oh yeah. So it

Speaker 2  28:39  
depends on the kind of training, maybe in hash notes, like open they can, like, tell the story of cashless clients. It

Unknown Speaker  28:46  
beats, I think he does

Unknown Speaker  28:50  
understand, yeah. But the one that we

Unknown Speaker  28:55  
had strict,

Unknown Speaker  28:58  
you get tired, yes. And if they will be like gifting, oh, if you answer this

Speaker 1  29:05  
question, yes, people like to listing. So what I'm thinking is I'm trying to almost like decentralized training. I don't even believe in One trainer should come, maybe on an annual basis, like almost a team bonding thing, yes, but I actually believe that training to be consistent, but short, short, short, and you should be like a team led training. So just to give an example what app they can please share your thoughts. But this is what I'm imagining. We have an app. I everybody is on that every day or so in a month. We give you guys the time that, okay, this Monday, this five modules that you have to finish using, like 10, 10 million videos you have to watch. Then you do a quick multiple choice, and you show that you understand it before you can be certified as pass, right? But those five videos you don't you self paced so you can watch all your five one day. Someone can watch the five one every week, but by the end of the month, the manager has to certify that those things have been done now you will now dedicate days for training in the store. So let's say the manager says, Every Friday in the morning, we have training, right? So in that the videos that you watch, you will come in into the store. We do role play. We'll discuss what we thought we all so that there's also that exercise parts. Then your manager will now says, find out. Okay, PK has done an unload play. She shows that she understands it. I'll certify her. So you won't you would have done you're always like double verification. You would have tipped on your own side that I've watched it. The manager will satisfy that you understand it. So I'll now, yeah, so then that way training is consistent, but you're also getting that certification and moving up. So it's not really I'm trying to take it away from line on one trainer, one of kwabe or someone, but more of like the team would train themselves with the guidance of this channel. Yeah. What do it was just a bit

